WARNING!
NO RELIANCE CAN BE PLACED ON ANY INFORMATION CONTENT OR MATERIAL STATED IN THE KINN WHITEPAPER OR THE KINN WEBSITE. ACCORDINGLY, YOU MUST VERIFY ALL INFORMATION INDEPENDENTLY BEFORE UTILIZING IT AND ALL DECISIONS BASED ON INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEBAPP, THE KINN WHITEPAPER AND THE KINN WEBSITE ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY AND WE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR SUCH DECISIONS. NOTHING IN THIS DISCLAIMER, ANY INFORMATION CONTENT OR MATERIAL SHALL OR SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO CREATE ANY LEGAL RELATIONS BETWEEN US AND YOU NOR GRANT ANY RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS TO EITHER OF US. PURCHASE OF $KINN TOKENS MAY RESULT IN COMPLETE AND TOTAL FINANCIAL LOSSES.

DISCLAIMER
Your use of the Kinn Website in any form or manner constitutes your agreement to all such terms, notices, and conditions. Any information on the Kinn Website and Kinn Whitepaper is for general information purposes only. It does not constitute investment advice, recommendations, or any form of solicitation. No information in the Kinn Website and Kinn Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or advice regarding contribution or participation to the development of the Kinn DAO and any of its projects. Any information provided through Kinn materials, including the Kinn Website, is at all times subject to change by the sole discretion of Kinn. Kinn is creating the $KINN Token to function within the Kinn DAO which allows token holders to generate and monetize data about on-chain assets for the benefit of creators, collectors, and the DAO itself. No $KINN token will represent any economic interest in any entity at any time, and $KINN is for the purpose of use within the Kinn platform.  Through the development of $KINN, Kinn does not grant any rights, express or implied, other than the right to use $KINN within the DAO. In particular, the Kinn team expressly denies any ability of the $KINN token to represent or confer any ownership right or stake, share, security, or equivalent rights, or any right to receive future revenue shares, intellectual property rights or any other form of participation in or relating to any Kinn product and/or Kinn entity and/or any of its affiliates. 

No Warranties
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and except as otherwise specified in writing by Kinn:
(i) $KINN tokens are generated on an “as is” and “as available” basis without warranties of any kind, and Kinn expressly disclaims all implied warranties as to the $KINN tokens, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement;
(ii) Kinn does not represent or warrant that the $KINN tokens are reliable, current or error-free, or that technical defects in the $KINN tokens will be corrected; and
(iii) Kinn cannot and does not represent or warrant that the $KINN tokens or the delivery mechanism for $KINN tokens are free of viruses or other harmful components. No terms in the Kinn Website or the Kinn Whitepaper constitute a prospectus, an offer document of any sort, or are intended to constitute an offer of securities, or a solicitation for investment in securities. If you use the $KINN tokens, please note that any contribution and/or participation does not represent, constitute or involve the exchange of value for any form of securities, investment units and/or form of ordinary shares in any project, in Kinn, or any other related party.

No Reliance on Information
Kinn rejects any responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from:
(i) reliance on any information provided,
(ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information; or
(iii) any action resulting from such information.  No reliance can be placed on any information content or material stated in the Kinn Whitepaper or the Kinn Website. Accordingly, you must verify all information independently before utilizing it and all decisions based on any information are your sole responsibility and we shall have no liability for such decisions. Kinn does not make or intends to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy, and completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. Any action you take upon the information provided is entirely at your own risk. Any information in the Kinn Website and Kinn Whitepaper in any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of these documents and its information is prohibited or restricted. No regulatory authority has examined or approved to this date of any of the information set out in this document. The publication, distribution or dissemination of these terms do not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.

Forward-Looking Statements
All statements contained in the Kinn Website and Kinn Whitepaper made in press releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by Kinn, its founders, team members and any third party involved in the project and acting on behalf of Kinn, that are not statements of historical fact constitute “forward-looking statements”.

Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Kinn, its founders, team members and any third party involved in the project shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on the information in the Kinn Website or Kinn Whitepaper. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) in no event will Kinn or any of the company parties be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages of any kind (including, but not limited to, where related to loss of revenue, income or profits, loss of use or data, or damages for business interruption) arising out of or in any way related to the distribution or use of $KINN, regardless of the form of action, whether based in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, simple negligence, whether active, passive or imputed), or any other legal or equitable theory (even if the party has been advised of the possibility of such damages and regardless of whether such damages were foreseeable); and (ii) in no event will the aggregate liability of Kinn and affiliate parties (jointly), whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive or imputed), or other theory, arising out of or relating to $KINN or the use of or inability to use $KINN.  All Kinn DAO participants are responsible for implementing reasonable measures for securing their own wallet, vault or other storage mechanism used to receive and hold $KINN tokens, including any requisite private key(s) or other credentials necessary to access such storage mechanism(s). If any private key(s) or other access credentials are lost, the holder may lose access to their $KINN Tokens. Kinn is not responsible for any losses, costs or expenses relating to lost access credentials.  Nothing in this disclaimer is to be construed as either an admission of liability or admission of wrongdoing on the part of either party, each of which denies any liabilities or wrongdoing on its part.